FF129 Relnote: HTTPS DNS records resolve using OS DNS resolver (#35215)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/releases/129/index.md

### HTTP

> - HTTPS DNS records can now be resolved using the operating system's DNS resolver on Windows 11, Linux, and Android 10+, instead of requiring [DNS over HTTPS](https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/dns-over-https-doh-faqs) to be enabled. This capability allows the use of HTTP/3 without needing to use the {{httpheader("Alt-Svc")}} header, upgrades requests to HTTPS when the DNS record is present, and enables the use of the [Encrypted Client Hello (ECH)](https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/faq-encrypted-client-hello) privacy feature in more circumstances. ([Firefox bug 1906239](https://bugzil.la/1906239).)

Reviewer: - Suggesting to split the first sentence to to improve readability
- The sentence "This capability allows..." can be written to highlight the subsequent list of benefits, like so: "This capability offers several benefits: allowing.., automatically upgrading..., and enabling the use of..."
- How about "scenarios" in place of "circumstances"?
- HTTPS can be linked to the glossary page
```suggestion
- HTTPS DNS records can now be resolved using the operating system's DNS resolver on Windows 11, Linux, and Android 10+. This eliminates the need for [DNS over HTTPS](https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/dns-over-https-doh-faqs) to be enabled. This capability allows the use of HTTP/3 without needing to use the {{httpheader("Alt-Svc")}} header, automatically upgrades requests to HTTPS when the DNS record is present, and enables the use of the [Encrypted Client Hello (ECH)](https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/faq-encrypted-client-hello) privacy feature in more circumstances. ([Firefox bug 1906239](https://bugzil.la/1906239).)
```

Reviewer: Thanks for this detailed explanation! The "elimination" suggestion was indeed inaccurate. And your rewrite of the ECH bit is much clearer. In light of some of these clarifications, I'm suggesting some rewording to highlight the benefit.

> - HTTPS DNS records can now be resolved using the operating system's DNS resolver on Windows 11, Linux, and Android 10+. This ensures that [DNS over HTTPS (DoH)](https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/dns-over-https-doh-faqs) will be used if the user has chosen to enable it on the device, even if it has not been enabled in the browser. This feature has the other benefits that it allows the use of HTTP/3 without needing to use the {{httpheader("Alt-Svc")}} header, enables automatic upgrade of HTTP requests to HTTPS when the "HTTP DNS" record is present, and allows the [Encrypted Client Hello (ECH)](https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/faq-encrypted-client-hello) privacy feature to be used if DoH is enabled on the device. ([Firefox bug 1906239](https://bugzil.la/1906239)).

Author: I like this. THank you.
